# Pseudo-random number generator
This is a pseudo-random number generator, which is based on the results of its previously generated values and a prime number of any choice. The algorithm formula is as follows: *R = (prev1 + prev2 + prev3 + prev4) % 211*. 211 was selected to see statistics in the range [0, 210] inclusively for 100 000 cases, which seems to be distributed quite evenly. And each generated number actually seems quite random.<br>

In order to increase the range of possible values, the closest upper prime number needs to be used in the formula instead of 211. To specify the range to be precise the formula may be adjusted to the following one: *R = min + ((prev1 + prev2 + prev3 + prev4) % PRIME_NUMBER) % max*. This formula will generate numbers in the exactly provided range [min, max] inclisively. The distribution of values doesn't vary too much and seems quite even.<br>

The reason for prime numbers to be used in this project is to achieve the most even distribution amongst possible values. Of course, it will never be perfectly even, but it will be very close to being even, which is what we usually want from random-number generators. If we selected 210, for instance, every value divisible by factors 2, 3, 5, 7 (factors of 210) will eliminates sums consisting of purely numbers 2, 3, 5, 7 and some of their products, which will result in some numbers not being generated at all, such as: 2, 4, 8, 16, 32..., or 3, 9, 27, 81..., or 5, 25, 125.., or 7, 49..., whereas prime numbers always have remainders, which will always (let alone consistency) result in at least some cases of generation.